README.md, before:

# DnDUtility

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.1.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

angular CLI bug fix. Board settings updated

README.md, after:

DnD
This is a Dungeons and Dragons Utility app I made for my friends and I to use in our D&D sessions. I have made it specifically for my party to use, though the game board feature could be used by any party. I will happily share that with anyone. This app runs optimally on a large TV laid flat on its back to double as a game board that pieces can be placed upon.

Log
Feature purpose: this feature allows the players in the D&D party I DM for to pool together their individiual funds and purchase commodities (some legal, some not so much): cloth, lumber, iron ore, and suud. The prices vary by their location in the made up world. Shrewd purchases will allow them to turn a side profit as they adventure, that is if they can defend their goods from creatures that may want to steal them.

Functions: Each party member can deposit and withdrawl individual funds (which they manually add and subtract in their character sheets) from the party pool found in the top right corner. PUT

The user can scroll through commodity price listings by fictional city they are near by in game. This is found in the top left part of the screen. Their decisions, and the environments I create, impact prices which I hard code in when I find time.

The user can open the shop section to display a form to purchase or sell commodities. PUT

UI commentary Since D&D takes place half on a board and half in the players' imagination, I wanted to aid immersion by presenting as much as a fictional fantasy market place scene as possible while still making sure each of the pages purposes can be easily accessible. Thus I opted in for expandable and contractable forms, and making the market scene the central focus on page load.

Map
Feature purpose: this will help user visualize where they are in the game world. I use some simple key frame animations to draw the users attention to near by cities they can learn a little bit more about. I can leave little quest leads here and there, as well as passing information about the city or location.

Later developments to this feature will be a HUD with an area to open general information about each continent, and the factions found within.

UI Commentary Entirely functional at the moment. The map is based off of the world Matt Mercer of Critical Role created. This is a bit of fan art that some wonderful artist sketched up.

Board
Feature purpose: this feature is where the action happens. D&D battles used to take place on 1 inch grid paper. DM's could draw here or there, or print off cool images as a back drop. Not any more. I made a one inch grid in HTML and CSS that you can toggle off and on. Different background videos with animations and ambiennt sounds can be played to really give player's an immersive expereince.

Board Problem
Github will not accept files above 100 MB, this stops me from sending in the beautiful background videos I have found. I am still working on a way around this.

Development server
